hello myself business cards today I myself
I want to talk on this topic people people
they got because not all organs
ask where to download minecraft where and
how to make a server for your
to play friends like that
I'm on this question right now
shoulder
thorough such in general for the whole question
from the river right now actually like me
download maincraft
I click on I go to the first site
minecraft.net is the official site
minecraft company mahjong and so on
in general, we go here and poke on
a reference there do not property
There are 2 such links
the first is a full minekravt is clean
minecraft that he himself sowed in free
maynkravt from which you will run
just download it you run there
you need to move up on the site but it
already there
side effects of licensed almost
you have no license minecraft
will be licensed because not
bought here actually multiplayer
multiplayer server actually download
this little thing mikroft server downloaded
drink we we downloaded it just
downloaded merida or downloaded all all
come Kiev here she see here it here
here it is here my my 1 server here
he is what we need to do we need him
shove my God where to shove them
we need to create a folder here we create
folder new folder 3 you accidentally folder 3
In your case, the new 4th folder will be in
in general, it is run the first time first
start it can be a plateau all
run run it
he generates the world now we are ours
of the deceased he will generate 58 of 292 all
generate it now we will close this
the server is closing it just closes
on a dagger honest order lies
actually go to the server properties
server trial and and here we have to enter
one thing so you can play on
pirate minecraft
maynkravt on this server own
the son is here, the principle is clear here
that it is not clear to whom yes actually through
no you don't need a match hardcore there
I do not know how to put it there
online mod i need corpse need files
foals
otherwise you will not be able to log in to your
server and here it is creative to
that maximum number of players slept
monsters this is the complexity one of this to me
contact was Vlad's own and on this
all actually save this thing so
same your byte from can be changed
fox will catch your own
code names of players who like you, we
the service is either worth the happiest abs is admin
server who will be admins own
by ip
you ebanoy pin player I think everyone understands
what exactly is the world itself if you
download the world from the internet you click
or rename world and then you
can you run on this server
you will have this folder accordingly
peremat some other here sobsno
let's run this temporarily the screen
run that seems to you that this
thing please login
I log in I log in
in the hall canceled minecraft sounds like
even so actually lokalkhost on mine
shoulder burst host because my sub-network
rather there may local network
accordingly lokalkhost yes you have
own sing nowhere so I do not know where
in general, then again winter biome is winter
biome please maycroft sun
snowball quality on the street in general
on this, actually, I hope everything
will no longer bother on such
issues
attacks in the dough idea who watched this video
subscribe to network feed comments
why was your dick and I hope you have
there will be no more such problems and running
all adat very i forgot the most important
moment is the most important moment
hamachi if you have a bad ip then you
i need to limp i just have to if
you will not have a match there you will not be able
accordingly I have to play like that
that I will be able to play well because
nothing and normal and drink given then
all that tiffany see you soon
until